Add readFile Function to Filter (#621)
linear-b/gitstream: docs/filter-functions.md

| [`mapToEnum`](#maptoenum)<br />return the enum value matches to the input key                                                                               | String                                                     | Enum object                                        | Object                  |
| [`matchDiffLines`](#matchdifflines)<br />Match every line in diff                                                                                           | [[`FileDiff` ](./context-variables.md#filediff-structure)] | `regex`, `ignoreWhiteSpaces`                       | [Bool]                  |
| [`rankByGitActivity`](#rankbygitactivity)<br />Get list of contributors based on `git-commit` activity                                                      | [`repo`](./context-variables.md#repo)                      | `gt`, `lt`                                         | [String]                |
| [`rankByGitBlame`](#rankbygitblame)<br />Get list of contributors based on `git-blame` results                                                              | [`repo`](./context-variables.md#repo)                      | `gt`, `lt`                                         | [String]                |

> | [`readFile`](#readfile)<br />Reads the contents of a file from the current branch or "cm" folder                                                            | String - The file path                                     | String (optional) - the file type. `txt` or `json` | String                  |

Reviewer: It's not clear "from the current branch or cm folder", is it the current branch? what path? is it relative path? to what?

```yaml+jinja
is_rookie: {{ repo | rankByGitBlame(lt=15) | match(term=branch.author) | some }}
```

#### `readFile`

> Reads the contents of a file from the current branch or the "cm" folder and returns it as a string. This function only allows reading files from the "repo" and "cm" directories for security reasons.

Reviewer: same comment, not clear where the file location is expected. I would add an example of filetree and what path should be used

```yaml+jinja
is_rookie: {{ repo | rankByGitBlame(lt=15) | match(term=branch.author) | some }}
```

#### `readFile`

Reads the contents of a file from the current branch or the `cm` repo and returns it as a string.

<div class="filter-details" markdown=1>

| Argument | Usage  | Type   | Description                                                         |
| -------- | ------ | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| -        | Input  | String | The relative file path in the current repo. Prepend `../cm/` to get files from the `cm` repo      |

> | `output` | Input  | String | The content type. Optional, `txt` by default. Allowed options are `txt` or `json`. When using `json`, the output will be returned as an Object |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `output` | Input  | String | The content type. Optional, `txt` by default. Allowed options are `txt` or `json`. When using `json`, the output will be returned as a stringified Object |
```

> | -        | Output | String/ Object | The contents of the file as a String or Object                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -        | Output | String/ Object | The contents of the file as a String. The result will be `JSON.stringified`                         |
```

</div>

For example, add a comment with a file's content:

```yaml+jinja
automations:
  add_readme_comment:
    if:
      - true
    run:
      - action: add-comment@v1
        args:
          comment: |
            {{ README_CONTENT }}

README_CONTENT: {{ "txt" | readFile("./README.md") | dump }}

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```json
{
  "front": {
    "name": "Frontend",
    "description": "Frontend team",
    "members": [
      "John",
      "Jane"
    ]
  },
  "back": {
    "name": "Backend",
    "description": "Backend team",
    "members": [
      "Alice",
      "Bob"
    ]
  }
}
```

```yaml
automations:
  describe_teams:
    if:
      - {{ true }}
    run:
      - action: add-comment@v1
        args:
          comment: |
              We have {{ TEAMS | length }} teams with {{ TEAMS.front.members | length + TEAMS.back.members | length }} members in total:
              FrontEnd: include {{ TEAMS.front.members | length }} members
              BackEnd: include {{ TEAMS.back.members | length }} members
              

TEAMS: {{ "./TEAMS.json" | readFile(output="json") }}

```

> ```

Reviewer 2: this also a valid syntax `README_CONTENT: {{ "./README.md" | readFile }}`
